Add doc for context based functions (#40)
flozz/stone.js: README.md

var text3 = Stone.ngettext("{n} apple", "{n} apples", 3); // 'n' is an implicit replacement of given number
```

### Stone.lazyNgettext

Same as `Stone.ngettext` but returns a `Stone.LazyNString` instead of a `String`.

### Stone.pgettext

> Translates the given string to the current language using a context argument, helping with string that could be the same in the C
> language but could mean different things in other languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translates the given string to the current language using a context argument to solve ambiguities ([read more](https://www.gnu.org/software/gettext/manual/gettext.html#Using-contexts-for-solving-ambiguities)).
```

    String: Stone.pgettext( <context>, <string> [, locale] );
    String: Stone.pgettext( <context>, <string> [, replacements] [, locale] );

**params:**

> * `context`: The string context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `context`: The context of the string.
```

* `string`: The string to translate.
* `locale`: The locale string to use for translation (optional, default: current locale).
* `replacements`: an object containing replacements for the string (optional, see example below).

**returns:**

The translated string.

**Examples:**

```javascript
var text1 = Stone.pgettext("going back", "Back");

> var text1 = Stone.pgettext("back of an object", "Back", "it");

Reviewer: Please add an example with replacements (or change the text line 272 that states there is an example :) )

```

### Stone.lazyPgettext

> Same as `Stone.pgettext` but returns a `Stone.lazyPString` instead of a `String`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as `Stone.pgettext` but returns a `Stone.LazyPString` instead of a `String`.
```

### Stone.npgettext

> Translates the given strings to the current language with plural support and using a context argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translates the given strings to the current language with plural support and using a context argument to solve ambiguities ([read more](https://www.gnu.org/software/gettext/manual/gettext.html#Using-contexts-for-solving-ambiguities)).
```

    String: Stone.npgettext( <context>, <string>, <stringPlural>, <number> [, locale] );
    String: Stone.npgettext( <context>, <string>, <stringPlural>, <number> [, replacements] [, locale] );

**params:**

> * `context`: The string context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `context`: The context of the string.
```

* `string`: The string to translate, in English singular form.
* `stringPlural`: The string to translate, in English plural form.
* `number`: The number that determines plural forms
* `locale`: The locale string to use for translation (optional, default: current locale).
* `replacements`: an object containing replacements for the string (optional, see example below).

Note: 'n' is an implicit replacement for given number.

**returns:**

The translated string, in some plural form.

**Examples:**

```javascript
var text1 = Stone.npgettext("fruit", "one apple", "{nbApples} apples", 3, {nbApples: 3});
var text2 = Stone.npgettext("fruit", "{n} apple", "{n} apples", 3, {n: 3});
var text3 = Stone.npgettext("fruit", "{n} apple", "{n} apples", 3); // 'n' is an implicit replacement of given number
```

### Stone.lazyNpgettext

> Same as `Stone.npgettext` but returns a `Stone.lazyNPString` instead of a `String`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as `Stone.npgettext` but returns a `Stone.LazyNPString` instead of a `String`.
```
